# GROUP 3 - main source

## Project Overview

Retail trading became widespread during the 2020s and has led to many people to
become first time investors. Apps like Robinhood made it so that anyone can just
download an app, put in credentials and begin to trade. But with that accessibility
comes responsibility. Many users invest without being able to do comprehensive
research on the companies they are pouring money into following trends they see
on the chart they often don't quite understand. It was shown when a study showed
that as of 2024, the percentage of reported new investors over the past two years
dropped from 21% in 2021, according to the NFCS, to 8% in 2024. This trend reflects
a growing hesitation among first time investors, many of whom feel uncertain or
unprepared to engage with the stock market. Recent studies and social media
discourse suggest that people often feel “blind” when navigating financial markets
and are discouraged from participating due to information overload and a lack of
confidence. So we need to find a way to deliver information that first time investors
can easily digest.

## Goals

Create an accessible, organized, and visually engaging platform where users can
participate in structured discussions based on daily market updates and reports.
The platform will feature a moderated forum that encourages meaningful
interaction and informed conversation. Alongside the discussion space, a live
stream of end of day reports will be generated by our algorithm, which analyzes
and summarizes articles from The Wall Street Journal, providing users with clear
and digestible market insights to guide their discussions.

